ollama needa forward 11434 port from server to localhost. Considering how to configure this.


evaluation of cot llama 8b result:
```
python ./LogLM/src/logicllm/evaluation.py --dataset_name FOLIO --model_name llama8b --mode CoT
```

```
prediction: A    gold_answers: B         match: False
prediction: A    gold_answers: A         match: True
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: C    gold_answers: C         match: True
prediction: B    gold_answers: C         match: False
prediction: B    gold_answers: A         match: False
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: C    gold_answers: B         match: False
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: A    gold_answers: C         match: False
prediction: A    gold_answers: C         match: False
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: B    gold_answers: A         match: False
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: B    gold_answers: C         match: False
prediction: A    gold_answers: C         match: False
EM: 0.5210526315789473
```

result of direct (More than like 30 lines of data were lost)
```
...

prediction: A    gold_answers: A         match: True
prediction: A    gold_answers: B         match: False
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: A    gold_answers: A         match: True
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: A    gold_answers: C         match: False
prediction: A    gold_answers: C         match: False
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: A    gold_answers: A         match: True
prediction: A    gold_answers: B         match: False
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: B    gold_answers: C         match: False
prediction: A    gold_answers: C         match: False
EM: 0.4887640449438202
```

result of CoT on LLama70b
```
...
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: C    gold_answers: C         match: True
prediction: C    gold_answers: C         match: True
prediction: C    gold_answers: A         match: False
prediction: C    gold_answers: B         match: False
prediction: C    gold_answers: B         match: False
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: C    gold_answers: C         match: True
prediction: C    gold_answers: C         match: True
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: C    gold_answers: A         match: False
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: C    gold_answers: C         match: True
prediction: A    gold_answers: C         match: False
EM: 0.6633165829145728
```

result of Direct on LLama70b:
```
...
prediction: C    gold_answers: B         match: False
prediction: C    gold_answers: B         match: False
prediction: C    gold_answers: B         match: False
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: A    gold_answers: C         match: False
prediction: C    gold_answers: C         match: True
prediction: C    gold_answers: B         match: False
prediction: A    gold_answers: A         match: True
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: B    gold_answers: B         match: True
prediction: C    gold_answers: C         match: True
prediction: A    gold_answers: C         match: False
EM: 0.645320197044335
```